"Initial commit-3" 

1. git init
The command git init is used to create an empty Git repository. 

2.git add
Add command is used after checking the status of the files, to add those files to the staging area.
Before running the commit command, "git add" is used to add any new or modified files.

3.git status
The git status command tells the current state of the repository.
The command provides the current working branch. If the files are in the staging area, but not committed, it will be shown by the git status. Also, if there are no changes, it will show the message no changes to commit, working directory clean.

4.git config
The git config command is used initially to configure the user.name and user.email. This specifies what email id and username will be used from a local repository.
When git config is used with --global flag, it writes the settings to all repositories on the computer.

5.git checkout
The git checkout command is used to switch branches, whenever the work is to be started on a different branch.
The command works on three separate entities: files, commits, and branches.

6.git remote 
The git remote command is used to create, view, and delete connections to other repositories. 
The connections here are not like direct links into other repositories, but as bookmarks that serve as convenient names to be used as a reference.

7.git pull 
The git pull command is used to fetch and merge changes from the remote repository to the local repository.
The command "git pull origin master" copies all the files from the master branch of the remote repository to the local repository.

8.git stash
The git stash command takes your modified tracked files and saves it on a pile of incomplete changes that you can reapply at any time. To go back to work, you can use the stash pop.
The git stash command will help a developer switch branches to work on something else without committing to incomplete work.

9.git log
The git log command shows the order of the commit history for a repository.
The command helps in understanding the state of the current branch by showing the commits that lead to this state.

10.git push
The command git push is used to transfer the commits or pushing the content from the local repository to the remote repository.
The command is used after a local repository has been modified, and the modifications are to be shared with the remote team members.